Now that we're able to deploy our firebase functions, nothing stopping us from shooting for the moon,
but we need to set up our code base for scale.
Now, first off, as you can see here, the URL that we used before changed, right?
The suffix behind here stayed the same, but the URL had to change because we went to a live instance.
Now, how do we set this up so we can swap out between both?
Well, that's a good question, because we want to be able to use both.
Right.
We could say CONSED Live is equal to this and we could say consed local is equal to.
This and, well, how would we then determine how to switch between constant local?
Huh, that's a good question.
Well, if we did something like console dialogue, process, dot, dot, know, then inside of our React
Native app, what we would see if we went to the terminal is we would see that we're running on something
called the development node environment.
OK, so we could say something like CONSED host is equal to process dot end dot node and is equal to
development.
And that would give us either local if it's true or life if it's false.
And so with that we could we could swap out.
Right.
We could, we could then just say here, over here.
Well up until here, let's just replace that with host.
And that's that's completely true.
We could do that.
But we're going to have to do this in multiple spots, though.
So what I suggest we do is we scale this out a bit more and what we'll do is we'll say import host.
From and we'll do dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, utils, and we'll have to go over here and see in our
source folder.
We need to create a new folder called Utils, and we'll do utils again, and then we'll create an end
dodgiest file and then we'll say over here.
The live host and the local host are two different things we'll say also.
And we'll export all of these, but what we want to do is we want to see export CONSED is development.
And that's equal to.
This and so now we can use this everywhere if we need to.
And we'll also say export concert host.
Is equal to is development.
Question mark, then we'll do the localhost or the live host.
And so now what we can do is we can utilize this in both spots, we can utilize this for.
Over here in our restaurant request, and we can utilize this over here in this request.
And so now we're guaranteed that we'll pick the right host for the right environment.
So if we went to a production type of build, we would we would point it to the right, a host.
But it's also easy for us to now control.
Well, hey, I just I just want to point it to the live host so I can just remove this part and host
of The Life host.
So we have that sense of control here where we can do that.
Now, in order for this to now work, we would have to do yard serve so that we could actually get data
back, because right now we aren't receiving anything.
And if we reload here now, we're getting our information back and our moch is working as intended.
Great.
So we just layered on an additional utility that is going to help us scale our code base in a clean
way.
Amazing.